= bleeding_edge

The power of Ruby makes development fast.  RubyGems makes packaging and using Ruby library trivial.  However the combination of these two
technologies places far more emphasis on managing these fast-changing dependencies closely and good codebases can quickly take on considerable
technical debt if they stray too far from modern versions of their gems.

Bleeding Edge examines all the RubyGems-managed gems currently in scope (i.e., "gem list") and then produces a report showing how far each gem
is from it's most recent release.

With this information, you can where your risks are with respect to falling too far behind the current state of your dependent gems.

Bleeding Edge does not currently handle transitive dependencies between gems (e.g., Rails 2.3.x requires ActiveRecord 2.3.x), so it may show
gem versions that you cannot use because of these transitive dependencies.

== Contributing to bleeding_edge
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Andy Marks. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

